dev1,ang,1du,2,standard,1du
dev1,ang,1pl,9,standard,1pl
dev1,ang,1sg,62,standard,1sg
dev1,ang,2du,1,standard,2du
dev1,ang,2pl,6,standard,2pl
dev1,ang,2sg,37,standard,2sg
dev1,ang,3pl,53,standard,3pl
dev1,ang,3sg,79,standard,3sg
dev1,ang,3sg?,1,misspelled,3sg
dev1,ang,?,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,acc,40,standard,acc
dev1,ang,after,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,against,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,all,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,am,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,and,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,apollonius,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,apollonius.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,are,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,army,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,ask,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,at,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,await,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,awaits,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,be,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,began,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,believe,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,belong,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,beyond,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,brother,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,can,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,carbuncles,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,carbuncles.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,cats,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,chase,14,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,child,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,come,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,conceive,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,confidence,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,continue,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,could,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,creature,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,dat,32,standard,dat
dev1,ang,day,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,dead,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,declare,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,do,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,dog,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,dogs,17,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,earth,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,eat,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,every,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,fem,25,misspelled,f
dev1,ang,field,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,gearwe,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,gearwe.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,gen,27,standard,gen
dev1,ang,gift,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,gifts,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,give,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,glass.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,gods,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,good,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,have,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,he,14,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,hear,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,hell,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,her,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,here,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,him,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,hold,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,humber,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,hunger,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,hungry,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,hurt,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,i,31,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,if,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,imp,1,standard,imp
dev1,ang,in,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,inkpen,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,intention,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,is,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,it,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,judge,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,kings,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,know,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,land,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,live,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,long,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,love,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,loves,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,man,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,many,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,masc,57,misspelled,m
dev1,ang,may,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,me,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,my,4,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,neither,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,neut,22,misspelled,n
dev1,ang,neutr,1,misspelled,n
dev1,ang,no,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,nom,101,standard,nom
dev1,ang,none,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,not,15,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,one,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,our,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,perceived,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,pl,46,standard,pl
dev1,ang,property,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,pst,9,standard,pst
dev1,ang,read,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,relate,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,right,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,said,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,sailor,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,sailor?,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,save,14,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,saves,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,say,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,see,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,seed,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,seek,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,sg,25,standard,sg
dev1,ang,shall,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,she,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,sleep,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,sow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,star,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,stars,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,stewardship,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,stone,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,stones,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,sub,1,misspelled,sbj
dev1,ang,subj,1,misspelled,sbj
dev1,ang,take,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,tat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,than,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,that,17,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,the,25,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,them,4,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,then,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,there,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,these,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,they,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,things,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,think,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,thirst,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,this,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,those,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,thought,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,to,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,tomorrow,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,until,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,us,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,we,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,were,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,what,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,whatsoever,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,whatsoever.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,whether,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,which,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,who,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,will,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,wish,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,worse,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,would,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,ang,you,25,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,ang,your,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,hau,(to),1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,1pl,1,standard,1pl
dev1,hau,1s,1,misspelled,1sg
dev1,hau,1sg,2,standard,1sg
dev1,hau,2m,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,hau,3f,8,combined,combined
dev1,hau,3m,11,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,hau,3p,3,misspelled,3pl
dev1,hau,3pl,1,standard,3pl
dev1,hau,able,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,all,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,and,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,beg,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,boy,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,broke,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,build,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,but,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,buy,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,car,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,come,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,comp,14,standard,comp
dev1,hau,cook,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,dobj,1,misspelled,obj
dev1,hau,fem,4,misspelled,f
dev1,hau,girl,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,go,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,house,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,indep,4,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,hau,iobj,1,misspelled,obj
dev1,hau,m,1,standard,m
dev1,hau,man,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,market,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,masc,5,misspelled,m
dev1,hau,neg,5,standard,neg
dev1,hau,news,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,or,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,pret,8,standard,pret
dev1,hau,pron,1,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,hau,quest,2,misspelled,q
dev1,hau,read,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,refuse,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,rel,1,standard,rel
dev1,hau,see,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,small,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,some,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,soup,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,soup.,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,students,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,subjunct,2,misspelled,subjunctive
dev1,hau,teacher,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,tell,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,that,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,hau,the,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,to,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,waterpot,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,hau,white,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,1pl,1,standard,1pl
dev1,isl,1sg,3,standard,1sg
dev1,isl,2pl,1,standard,2pl
dev1,isl,2sg,2,standard,2sg
dev1,isl,3sg,11,standard,3sg
dev1,isl,acc,12,standard,acc
dev1,isl,and,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,can,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,cat,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,dog,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,eat,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,fair,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,fam,1,standard,fam
dev1,isl,fem,2,misspelled,f
dev1,isl,food,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,good,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,him,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,isl,i,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,isl,imp,1,standard,imp
dev1,isl,jump,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,love,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,man,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,masc,31,misspelled,m
dev1,isl,me,4,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,isl,meow,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,nom,22,standard,nom
dev1,isl,not,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,isl,sg,18,standard,sg
dev1,isl,she,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,isl,strong,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,the,14,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,we,23,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,isl,weak,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,woman,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,yellow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,isl,you,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jpn,?,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,acc,29,standard,acc
dev1,jpn,adverb,1,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,jpn,also,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,and,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,ask,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,attr,9,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,jpn,be,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,blow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,breeze,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,can,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,cannot,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jpn,capital,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,clause,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,comp,2,standard,comp
dev1,jpn,continuative,4,standard,continuative
dev1,jpn,cool,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,copula,16,standard,copula
dev1,jpn,dat,4,standard,dat
dev1,jpn,dem,2,standard,dem
dev1,jpn,eat,18,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,edo,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,emb,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,future,4,standard,future
dev1,jpn,give,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,glass,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,go,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,happy,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,hearsay,4,standard,hearsay
dev1,jpn,heart,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,her,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jpn,here,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,highness,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,hurt,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,i,41,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jpn,is,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,it,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,last,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,live,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,loc,8,standard,loc
dev1,jpn,location,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,long,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,man,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,me,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jpn,mountain,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,neg,4,standard,neg
dev1,jpn,nom,42,standard,nom
dev1,jpn,not,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jpn,past,11,standard,past
dev1,jpn,person,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,personal,4,standard,personal
dev1,jpn,pleasing,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,pres,4,misspelled,prs
dev1,jpn,present,7,standard,present
dev1,jpn,q,1,standard,q
dev1,jpn,quiet,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,quietly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,refreshingly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,resultative,6,standard,resultative
dev1,jpn,rice,16,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,see,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,student,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,subject,10,standard,subject
dev1,jpn,sushi,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,temple,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,that,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jpn,things,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,think,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,topic,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,unknown,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jpn,you,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jup,1pl,3,standard,1pl
dev1,jup,1sg,12,standard,1sg
dev1,jup,2pl,3,standard,2pl
dev1,jup,2sg,3,standard,2sg
dev1,jup,3,1,standard,3
dev1,jup,3pl,10,standard,3pl
dev1,jup,3sg,28,standard,3sg
dev1,jup,alligator,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,arrive,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,bathe,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,bench,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,big,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,carry,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,child,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,clothes,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,comp,1,standard,comp
dev1,jup,consciouness,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,consciousness,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,cross,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,decl,23,standard,decl
dev1,jup,deer,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,dep,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,jup,dir,2,standard,dir
dev1,jup,drink,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,dynm,16,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,jup,eat,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,emph1,1,misspelled,emph
dev1,jup,enter,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,evil,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,eyes,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,fall,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,fast,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,flr,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,jup,foc,1,standard,foc
dev1,jup,fut,5,standard,fut
dev1,jup,go,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,good,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,hab,1,standard,hab
dev1,jup,hearth,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,hit,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,house,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,inch,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,int,1,misspelled,intr
dev1,jup,kill,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,know,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,knows,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,leaf,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,leave,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,lie,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,lose,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,love,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,margarita,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,masc,1,misspelled,m
dev1,jup,mother,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,neg,6,standard,neg
dev1,jup,not,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jup,obj,20,standard,obj
dev1,jup,obl,3,standard,obl
dev1,jup,out,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,path,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,perf,2,misspelled,prf
dev1,jup,pl,5,standard,pl
dev1,jup,proximal,1,standard,proximal
dev1,jup,pull,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,rain,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,rep,3,misspelled,repetitive
dev1,jup,roast,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,sanjose,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,saw,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,say,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,scold,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,sell,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,send,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,sing,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,sit,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,sleep,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,snake,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,someone,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,sprits,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,story,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,stream,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,subj,43,misspelled,sbj
dev1,jup,take,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,tel,10,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,jup,tell,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,that,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jup,this,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,jup,throw,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,unborn,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,vent,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,want,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,wash,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,water,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,jup,wood,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,?,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,able,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,am,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,and,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,ask,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,b'anjunu,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,baakari,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,banjunu,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,be,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,beast,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,big,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,bite,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,black,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,book,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,boy,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,broken,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,buy,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,can,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,car,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,cat,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,catch,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,chase,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,child,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,chop_down,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,chopdown,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,clothes,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,come,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,come_from,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,comefrom,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,compl,2,standard,compl
dev1,mnk,cook,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,depart,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,destroy,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,det,22,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,mnk,dirty,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,do,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,doesn't,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,doesnt,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,dog,26,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,don't,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,dont,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,eat,12,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,emp,1,misspelled,emph
dev1,mnk,emph,39,standard,emph
dev1,mnk,far,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,farm,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,father,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,find,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,fort,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,four,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,from,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,gen,3,standard,gen
dev1,mnk,girl,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,give,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,glass,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,go,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,got_up,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,gotup,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,gown,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,harm,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,hasnot,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,have,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,he,15,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,hear,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,her,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,here,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,him,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,his,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,home,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,horse,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,house,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,human_being,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,humanbeing,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,hunger,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,hungry,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,i,17,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,imp,3,standard,imp
dev1,mnk,inside,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,intr,2,standard,intr
dev1,mnk,is,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,it,13,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,know,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,landing,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,leave,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,leopard,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,lizard,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,look,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,lose,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,man,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,marry,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,me,6,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,meat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,money,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,my,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,name,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,nom,1,standard,nom
dev1,mnk,not,15,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,one,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,our,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,overseas,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,pay,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,pl,32,standard,pl
dev1,mnk,poss,1,standard,poss
dev1,mnk,postp,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,mnk,pst,17,standard,pst
dev1,mnk,pt,4,misspelled,ptcp
dev1,mnk,q,7,standard,q
dev1,mnk,quickly,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,refl,1,standard,refl
dev1,mnk,rel,1,standard,rel
dev1,mnk,same,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,sentence_comp,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,mnk,sentence_complement,3,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,mnk,sentencecomp,1,misspelled,comp
dev1,mnk,sentencecomplement,3,misspelled,complementizer
dev1,mnk,sg,4,standard,sg
dev1,mnk,sg_or_pl,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,mnk,sgorpl,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,mnk,she,10,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,sleep,17,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,stand,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,stative,1,standard,stative
dev1,mnk,suddenly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,sunday,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,take,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,tell,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,that,12,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,the_one,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,theone,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,there,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,these,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,they,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,think,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,tomorrow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,unemph,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,mnk,unknown,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,us,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,v,1,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,mnk,very,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,wash,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,we,6,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,went,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,what,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,where,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,white,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,who_what,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,whowhat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,will,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,woman,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,wound,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,yesterday,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,yet,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,mnk,you,23,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,mnk,youth,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,3sg,6,standard,3sg
dev1,nan,able,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,all,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,american,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,and,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,animal,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,ant,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,ask,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,be,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,book,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,building,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,burned,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,can,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,car,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,case,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,cat,13,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,chase,16,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,cheap,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,come,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,comp,1,standard,comp
dev1,nan,decide,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,delicious,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,doctor,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,dog,32,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,eat,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,english,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,enough,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,fast,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,father,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,fruit,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,get,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,give,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,go,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,group,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,have,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,house,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,how,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,hungry,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,hurt,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,i,10,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,nan,know,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,lawyer,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,lk,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,nan,lnk,10,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,nan,marriage,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,neg,2,standard,neg
dev1,nan,not,9,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,nan,now,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,pineapple,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,pl,1,standard,pl
dev1,nan,prg,2,misspelled,prog
dev1,nan,prog,2,standard,prog
dev1,nan,return,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,say,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,see,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,sleep,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,station,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,taiwan,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,tasty,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,teacher,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,that,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,nan,them,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,nan,these,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,nan,they,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,nan,think,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,this,12,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,nan,those,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,nan,tomorrow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,troublesome,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,up,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,very,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,want,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,we,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,nan,when,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,whether,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,wine,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,with,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,writing,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,yesterday,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,yet,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,nan,you,12,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,pbt,+,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,1pl,23,standard,1pl
dev1,pbt,1sg,103,standard,1sg
dev1,pbt,1st,1,misspelled,1sg
dev1,pbt,2pl,24,standard,2pl
dev1,pbt,2sg,33,standard,2sg
dev1,pbt,3pl,120,standard,3pl
dev1,pbt,3sg,177,standard,3sg
dev1,pbt,?,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,a,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,abs,359,standard,abs
dev1,pbt,adj,8,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,pbt,adv,18,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,pbt,all,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,and,19,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,appear,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,ask,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,aux,10,standard,aux
dev1,pbt,bad,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,be,36,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,brother,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,can,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,car,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,cat,93,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,chase,108,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,chased,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,come,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,comp,1,standard,comp
dev1,pbt,conj,31,standard,conj
dev1,pbt,cop,4,standard,cop
dev1,pbt,cow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,dance,73,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,dog,139,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,each,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,eat,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,erg,52,standard,erg
dev1,pbt,every,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,f,146,standard,f
dev1,pbt,focus,11,standard,focus
dev1,pbt,fut,48,standard,fut
dev1,pbt,glass,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,good,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,green,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,house,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,hungry,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,hurt,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,if+not,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,ifnot,4,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,pbt,in,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,inf,8,standard,inf
dev1,pbt,int,2,misspelled,intr
dev1,pbt,into,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,intr,55,standard,intr
dev1,pbt,it,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,itr,19,misspelled,intr
dev1,pbt,itran,7,misspelled,intr
dev1,pbt,khoshala,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,know,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,large,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,laugh,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,m,198,standard,m
dev1,pbt,man,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,neg,14,standard,neg
dev1,pbt,negation,1,misspelled,neg
dev1,pbt,not,13,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,pbt,one,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,ones,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,ones+own,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,onesown,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,own,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,park,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,part,1,misspelled,ptcp
dev1,pbt,per,3,misspelled,pfv
dev1,pbt,pl,63,standard,pl
dev1,pbt,pn,1,unrecovered,unrecovered
dev1,pbt,poss,1,standard,poss
dev1,pbt,postadpunknown,1,unrecovered,unrecovered
dev1,pbt,pot,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,prep,3,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,pbt,pres,3,misspelled,prs
dev1,pbt,pronoun,120,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,pbt,prs,164,standard,prs
dev1,pbt,pst,81,standard,pst
dev1,pbt,quickly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,room,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,sg,155,standard,sg
dev1,pbt,sick,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,sleep,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,some,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,spe,1,unrecovered,unrecovered
dev1,pbt,such,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,suddenly,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,tag,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,that,24,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,pbt,think,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,this,33,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,pbt,topic,2,standard,topic
dev1,pbt,tr,153,standard,tr
dev1,pbt,tran,16,misspelled,tr
dev1,pbt,very,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,we,10,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,pbt,whether,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,will,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,write,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,xxx,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,yesterday,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,pbt,you,11,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,rus,1,4,standard,1
dev1,rus,1pl,6,standard,1pl
dev1,rus,1sg,15,standard,1sg
dev1,rus,2,1,standard,2
dev1,rus,2pl,17,standard,2pl
dev1,rus,2sg,8,standard,2sg
dev1,rus,3,15,standard,3
dev1,rus,3pl,29,standard,3pl
dev1,rus,3sg,246,standard,3sg
dev1,rus,acc,89,standard,acc
dev1,rus,always,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,and,20,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,animate,14,standard,animate
dev1,rus,ask,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,be,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,big,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,binding,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,book,44,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,boy,20,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,buy,47,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,by,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,can,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,cut,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,dat,1,standard,dat
dev1,rus,doctor,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,dog,37,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,eat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,fem,106,misspelled,f
dev1,rus,fly,34,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,fm,1,misspelled,f
dev1,rus,fp,5,standard,fp
dev1,rus,fut,10,standard,fut
dev1,rus,gen,1,standard,gen
dev1,rus,girl,34,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,go,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,i,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,rus,imp,25,confused,ipfv
dev1,rus,in,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,inanimate,6,standard,inanimate
dev1,rus,inf,5,standard,inf
dev1,rus,inst,32,misspelled,ins
dev1,rus,interrogative,6,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,rus,ivan,71,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,large,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,lighten,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,love,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,masc,45,misspelled,m
dev1,rus,me,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,rus,means,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,neut,5,misspelled,n
dev1,rus,never,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,no,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,nom,156,standard,nom
dev1,rus,not,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,rus,on,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,perf,9,misspelled,prf
dev1,rus,perf1sg,1,combined,combined
dev1,rus,perf3sg,1,combined,combined
dev1,rus,pl,5,standard,pl
dev1,rus,plane,27,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,po,3,unrecovered,unrecovered
dev1,rus,prep,2,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,rus,pro,3,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,rus,prs,105,standard,prs
dev1,rus,pst,60,standard,pst
dev1,rus,q,1,standard,q
dev1,rus,quickly,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,quickly.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,read,24,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,red,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,school,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,sg,80,standard,sg
dev1,rus,she,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,rus,sleep,52,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,speak,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,table,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,that,8,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,rus,these,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,rus,think,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,this,39,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,rus,with,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,rus,you,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,sna,1pl,5,standard,1pl
dev1,sna,1s,1,misspelled,1sg
dev1,sna,1sg,39,standard,1sg
dev1,sna,2pl,4,standard,2pl
dev1,sna,2sg,10,standard,2sg
dev1,sna,2sgpossr,1,combined,combined
dev1,sna,3pl,1,standard,3pl
dev1,sna,3sg,8,standard,3sg
dev1,sna,?,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,?],2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,['ru'],1,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,[?,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,[love,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,a,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,act,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,all,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,also,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,and,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,ask,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,asp,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,at,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,aux,8,standard,aux
dev1,sna,be,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,big,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,but,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,buy,15,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,cat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,charuveki,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,chete,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,chete.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,chief,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,child,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,cl1,47,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl14,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl16,3,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl17,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl2,18,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl3,10,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl4,4,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl5,4,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl6,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl7,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl8,5,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,cl9,13,user-identified,user-identified
dev1,sna,come,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,comes,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,conj,1,standard,conj
dev1,sna,cont,7,standard,cont
dev1,sna,cop,5,standard,cop
dev1,sna,dance,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,do,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,dog,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,early,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,eat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,father,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,first,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,flour,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,freq,1,standard,freq
dev1,sna,fruit,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,fut,2,standard,fut
dev1,sna,fv,78,standard,fv
dev1,sna,girls,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,go,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,gutu,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,hab,18,standard,hab
dev1,sna,happy,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,have,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,here,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,home,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,horses,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,hort,4,misspelled,hortatory
dev1,sna,house,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,ill,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,imp,2,standard,imp
dev1,sna,inceptive,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,inf,5,standard,inf
dev1,sna,knife,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,know,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,like,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,loc,1,standard,loc
dev1,sna,love,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,man,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,mood,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,name,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,neg,10,standard,neg
dev1,sna,nga,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,o,1,unrecovered,unrecovered
dev1,sna,obj,4,standard,obj
dev1,sna,often,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,only,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,ox,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,pass,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,past,18,standard,past
dev1,sna,person,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,pl,1,standard,pl
dev1,sna,poss,2,standard,poss
dev1,sna,possd,6,misspelled,poss
dev1,sna,possesion,1,misspelled,poss
dev1,sna,possessed,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,possessor,1,misspelled,poss
dev1,sna,possr,5,misspelled,poss
dev1,sna,pre,1,misspelled,prs
dev1,sna,pres,10,misspelled,prs
dev1,sna,pro,4,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,sna,prs,17,standard,prs
dev1,sna,q,6,standard,q
dev1,sna,quickly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,rec,9,standard,rec
dev1,sna,recp,3,misspelled,rec
dev1,sna,rem,5,standard,rem
dev1,sna,rp,9,unrecovered,unrecovered
dev1,sna,ru,1,unrecovered,unrecovered
dev1,sna,sadza,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,same,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,sbj,78,standard,sbj
dev1,sna,school,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,seattle,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,see,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,short,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,slowly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,some,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,speak,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,stay,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,still,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,stone,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,sub,1,misspelled,sbj
dev1,sna,take,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,tall,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,tell,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,tender,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,that,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,sna,there,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,think,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,this,8,incomplete,incomplete
dev1,sna,tns,2,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev1,sna,to,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,unknown,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,up,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,wake,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,walk,29,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,want,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,well,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,who,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,wife,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,with,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,wives,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,woman,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,zezuru,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,{,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev1,sna,},1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,1pl,4,standard,1pl
dev2,bre,1sg,23,standard,1sg
dev2,bre,2pl,4,standard,2pl
dev2,bre,2sg,8,standard,2sg
dev2,bre,3pl,8,standard,3pl
dev2,bre,3sg,31,standard,3sg
dev2,bre,a,25,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,acc,14,standard,acc
dev2,bre,agr,1,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev2,bre,an,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,and,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,apple,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,ask,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,aval,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,bad,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,be,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,book,24,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,dim,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,do,27,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,drunk,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,eat,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,f,1,standard,f
dev2,bre,father,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,fut,3,standard,fut
dev2,bre,garden,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,gently,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,hbt,1,misspelled,hab
dev2,bre,he,6,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,her,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,him,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,hum,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,bre,i,14,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,inf,32,standard,inf
dev2,bre,ipfv,7,standard,ipfv
dev2,bre,know,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,laugh,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,m,41,standard,m
dev2,bre,me,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,mpl,1,combined,combined
dev2,bre,msg,3,combined,combined
dev2,bre,neg,4,standard,neg
dev2,bre,nom,26,standard,nom
dev2,bre,not,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,or,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,past,3,standard,past
dev2,bre,pfv,1,standard,pfv
dev2,bre,pl,13,standard,pl
dev2,bre,pnt,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,bre,priest,32,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,prs,67,standard,prs
dev2,bre,prt,75,misspelled,ptcp
dev2,bre,pst,8,standard,pst
dev2,bre,ptcp,3,standard,ptcp
dev2,bre,q,4,standard,q
dev2,bre,quickly,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,rabbit,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,see,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,seek,27,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,sg,10,standard,sg
dev2,bre,she,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,sing,20,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,that,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,the,35,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,them,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,they,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,ur,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,us,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,we,23,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,bre,wise,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,bre,you,9,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,1pl,11,standard,1pl
dev2,cym,1sing,21,misspelled,1sg
dev2,cym,2pl,21,standard,2pl
dev2,cym,2sing,15,misspelled,2sg
dev2,cym,3pl,4,standard,3pl
dev2,cym,3sing,57,misspelled,3sg
dev2,cym,aberystwyth,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,afr,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,cym,and,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,ask,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,aux,50,standard,aux
dev2,cym,be,77,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,become,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,bed,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,biscuit,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,bus,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,but,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,buy,13,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,can,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,car,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,cat,13,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,cd,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,chase,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,child,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,chocolate,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,colour,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,cond,2,standard,cond
dev2,cym,det,21,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev2,cym,dog,15,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,door,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,draw,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,early,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,eat,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,fam,3,standard,fam
dev2,cym,fem,1,misspelled,f
dev2,cym,ffilm,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,for,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,fut,4,standard,fut
dev2,cym,gen,2,standard,gen
dev2,cym,geraint,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,give,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,go,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,grow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,have,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,he,20,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,her,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,here,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,his,4,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,holiday,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,home,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,hungry,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,hurt,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,i,27,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,if,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,imp,4,standard,imp
dev2,cym,in,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,inf,63,standard,inf
dev2,cym,is,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,it,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,john,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,jones,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,kitchen,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,know,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,late,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,learn,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,light,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,like,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,live,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,llandudno,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,london,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,mair,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,masc,1,misspelled,m
dev2,cym,my,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,neg,2,standard,neg
dev2,cym,new,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,next,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,not,6,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,now,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,of,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,on,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,or,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,our,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,paper,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,past,9,standard,past
dev2,cym,picture,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,pl,33,standard,pl
dev2,cym,place,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,pres,77,misspelled,prs
dev2,cym,prf,4,standard,prf
dev2,cym,q,9,standard,q
dev2,cym,quickly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,read,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,right,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,school,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,see,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,send,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,she,9,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,shop,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,should,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,sing,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,sioned,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,sit,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,siwan,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,sleep,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,summer,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,that,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,the,21,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,their,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,there,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,these,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,they,6,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,think,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,to,13,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,tomorrow,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,tonight,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,us,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,want,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,we,23,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,welsh,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,what,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,where,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,white,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,will,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,wonder,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,work,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,cym,you,21,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,cym,your,4,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,1,1,standard,1
dev2,fra,1pl,47,standard,1pl
dev2,fra,1sg,74,standard,1sg
dev2,fra,2g,1,misspelled,2sg
dev2,fra,2pl,45,standard,2pl
dev2,fra,2sg,44,standard,2sg
dev2,fra,3pl,179,standard,3pl
dev2,fra,3sf,1,combined,combined
dev2,fra,3sg,493,standard,3sg
dev2,fra,a,23,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,acc,1,standard,acc
dev2,fra,am,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,an,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,and,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,apple,43,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,apples,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,are,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,ask,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,be,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,big,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,boy,35,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,boys,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,cake,54,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,cake.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,can,16,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,child,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,children,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,cookie,16,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,cookies,39,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,dem,2,standard,dem
dev2,fra,did,16,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,eat,218,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,fem,160,misspelled,f
dev2,fra,fille,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,fut,24,standard,fut
dev2,fra,girl,34,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,girls,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,harm,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,has,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,have,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,he,13,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,here,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,i,53,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,if,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,in,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,inf,16,standard,inf
dev2,fra,ipfv,25,standard,ipfv
dev2,fra,ipvf,1,misspelled,ipfv
dev2,fra,is,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,it,38,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,les,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,little,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,masc,260,misspelled,m
dev2,fra,me,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,no,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,non2sg,42,standard,non2sg
dev2,fra,non3sg,14,standard,non3sg
dev2,fra,not,78,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,not.,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,nous,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,park,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,past,2,standard,past
dev2,fra,pfv,33,standard,pfv
dev2,fra,pl,4,standard,pl
dev2,fra,prep,3,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev2,fra,prs,1,standard,prs
dev2,fra,pst,32,standard,pst
dev2,fra,pstptcp,25,combined,combined
dev2,fra,refl,1,standard,refl
dev2,fra,sg,5,standard,sg
dev2,fra,she,8,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,sing,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,slow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,slowly,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,small,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,some,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,take,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,that,11,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,the,202,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,them,9,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,there,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,these,8,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,they,12,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,think,12,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,this,13,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,tu,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,un,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,une,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,we,23,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,fra,who,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,will,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,wonder,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,wonders,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,fra,you,43,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,lut,2nd,2,misspelled,2
dev2,lut,3rd,1,misspelled,3
dev2,lut,always,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,and,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,big,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,can,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,child,46,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,completive,56,standard,completive
dev2,lut,def,65,standard,def
dev2,lut,det,69,standard,det
dev2,lut,dir,64,standard,dir
dev2,lut,eat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,father,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,fear,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,fem,8,misspelled,f
dev2,lut,future,5,standard,future
dev2,lut,get,57,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,habitual,3,standard,habitual
dev2,lut,he,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,lut,headache,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,here,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,house,16,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,hungry,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,hurt,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,i,26,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,lut,ind,31,standard,ind
dev2,lut,indef,4,misspelled,indf
dev2,lut,indir,5,misspelled,indirectobject
dev2,lut,it,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,lost,55,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,not,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,lut,p,5,standard,p
dev2,lut,pass,4,standard,pass
dev2,lut,past,5,standard,past
dev2,lut,pl,1,standard,pl
dev2,lut,pred,31,standard,pred
dev2,lut,progressive,9,standard,progressive
dev2,lut,q,7,standard,q
dev2,lut,salmon,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,sand,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,sg,4,standard,sg
dev2,lut,she,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,lut,stati,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,static,19,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,stative,4,standard,stative
dev2,lut,sweep,21,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,them,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,lut,there,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,true,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,very,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,we,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,lut,well,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,wife,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,wonder,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,lut,y'all,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,lut,yall,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,lut,you,10,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,mal,a_little,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,acc,3,standard,acc
dev2,mal,alittle,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,ask,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,be,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,call,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,can,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,child,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,come,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,coord,4,misspelled,conj
dev2,mal,dat,2,standard,dat
dev2,mal,distance,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,doctor,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,eat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,fast,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,fut,1,standard,fut
dev2,mal,gave,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,govindan,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,he,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,mal,house,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,i,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,mal,ip,2,misspelled,q
dev2,mal,krishnan,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,kumar,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,loc,1,standard,loc
dev2,mal,madhavan,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,milk,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,mother,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,neg,3,standard,neg
dev2,mal,past,7,standard,past
dev2,mal,pres,3,misspelled,prs
dev2,mal,qp,1,misspelled,q
dev2,mal,raghavan,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,raman,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,see,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,they,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,mal,tomorrow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,mal,walk,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,1,12,standard,1
dev2,ojg,1pl,5,standard,1pl
dev2,ojg,1sg,11,standard,1sg
dev2,ojg,2,1,standard,2
dev2,ojg,3,136,standard,3
dev2,ojg,3gs,1,misspelled,3sg
dev2,ojg,3obv,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,ojg,3pl,32,standard,3pl
dev2,ojg,3sg,67,standard,3sg
dev2,ojg,a,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,about,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,ac,20,unrecovered,unrecovered
dev2,ojg,an,37,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,angry,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,anim,11,standard,anim
dev2,ojg,at,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,axe,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,be,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,be+cold,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,be+frightened,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,be+good+at,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,be+plentiful,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,be+sharpened,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,becold,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,befrightened,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,begin,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,begoodat,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,beplentiful,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,besharpened,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,big,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,boat,22,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,bread,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,care,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,charge,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,child,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,circle,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,come,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,coord,11,misspelled,conj
dev2,ojg,cracker,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,die,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,dir,15,standard,dir
dev2,ojg,do,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,duck,12,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,eat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,end,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,for,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,fox,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,frightened,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,fut,11,standard,fut
dev2,ojg,gl,54,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,ojg,good,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,hab,4,standard,hab
dev2,ojg,have+big+eyes,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,have+many,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,havebigeyes,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,havemany,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,house,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,i,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,ojg,in,22,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,inam,1,misspelled,inanimate
dev2,ojg,inan,20,misspelled,inanim
dev2,ojg,indian,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,inv,15,standard,inv
dev2,ojg,leave,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,like,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,like+the+taste+of,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,likethetasteof,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,make,19,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,meat,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,milk,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,mother,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,my,11,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,ojg,my+daughter+in+law,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,my+mother,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,mydaughterinlaw,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,mymother,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,neg,4,standard,neg
dev2,ojg,nenabush,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,not,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,ojg,obv,49,standard,obv
dev2,ojg,of,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,one,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,out,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,partridge,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,past,64,standard,past
dev2,ojg,pl,46,standard,pl
dev2,ojg,poorly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,porcupine,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,pres,29,misspelled,prs
dev2,ojg,prox,1,standard,prox
dev2,ojg,ques,9,misspelled,q
dev2,ojg,sailboat,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,see,16,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,sew,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,sewing,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,sg,21,standard,sg
dev2,ojg,sharpened,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,shirt,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,skate,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,sleep,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,sweep,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,take,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,taste,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,tell,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,that,13,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,ojg,the,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,these,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,ojg,this,14,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,ojg,thm,30,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,ojg,thm1,6,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,ojg,thm2,18,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,ojg,those,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,ojg,three,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,two,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,visible,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,visit,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,vti,24,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,walk,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,walk+in+a+circle,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,walkinacircle,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,weed,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,woman,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,ojg,you,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,ojg,young,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,1,25,standard,1
dev2,qub,12,1,unrecovered,unrecovered
dev2,qub,123,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,12>3,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,qub,13,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,1>2,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,qub,1>3,3,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,qub,1sg,3,standard,1sg
dev2,qub,2,8,standard,2
dev2,qub,23,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,2>3,3,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,qub,2sg,2,standard,2sg
dev2,qub,3,32,standard,3
dev2,qub,31,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,33,30,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,3>1,6,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,qub,3>3,30,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,qub,3sg,2,standard,3sg
dev2,qub,[,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,],1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,abl,1,standard,abl
dev2,qub,able,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,acc,65,standard,acc
dev2,qub,adv,1,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev2,qub,afar,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,and,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,ask,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,bake,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,be,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,big,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,boy,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,bread,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,buy,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,car,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,cat,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,cats,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,charge,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,chase,13,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,chew,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,cigarette,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,coca,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,come,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,cond,4,standard,cond
dev2,qub,cookie,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,do,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,dog,15,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,dogs,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,drink,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,dub,1,standard,dub
dev2,qub,dur,2,standard,dur
dev2,qub,eat,18,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,excl,5,standard,excl
dev2,qub,expensive,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,fiesta,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,fire,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,first,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,fut,3,standard,fut
dev2,qub,gen,1,standard,gen
dev2,qub,give,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,go,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,he,4,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,qub,here,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,hit,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,hungry,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,hurt,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,i,6,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,qub,imp,1,standard,imp
dev2,qub,incl,1,standard,incl
dev2,qub,inf,5,standard,inf
dev2,qub,ipfv,4,standard,ipfv
dev2,qub,iter,1,confused,rep
dev2,qub,john,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,kiss,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,know,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,limpingly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,list,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,loc,1,standard,loc
dev2,qub,make,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,man,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,many,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,mariya,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,mary,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,much,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,neg,11,standard,neg
dev2,qub,not,7,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,qub,now,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,old,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,pfv,2,standard,pfv
dev2,qub,pig,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,pl,36,standard,pl
dev2,qub,potato,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,prf,4,standard,prf
dev2,qub,pst,7,standard,pst
dev2,qub,q,10,standard,q
dev2,qub,quickly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,rabbit,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,reach,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,scissor,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,see,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,self,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,sell,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,sense,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,sharp,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,sim,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,qub,sleep,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,snake,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,speak,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,stone,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,sub,11,misspelled,sbj
dev2,qub,sweep,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,that,5,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,qub,think,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,this,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,qub,tom,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,too,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,top,5,standard,top
dev2,qub,travel,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,trip,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,very,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,visaq,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,walk,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,want,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,water,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,work,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,yesterday,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,qub,you,4,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,sci,1,2,standard,1
dev2,sci,1pl,3,standard,1pl
dev2,sci,1s,22,misspelled,1sg
dev2,sci,1st,5,misspelled,1
dev2,sci,2pl,5,standard,2pl
dev2,sci,2s,3,misspelled,2sg
dev2,sci,3pl,6,standard,3pl
dev2,sci,3s,10,misspelled,3sg
dev2,sci,abl,5,standard,abl
dev2,sci,acc,6,standard,acc
dev2,sci,addit,14,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,sci,after,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,age,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,andare,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,army,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,ask,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,association,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,become,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,big,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,birth,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,black,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,british,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,burgher,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,bush,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,can,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,cannot,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,sci,captain,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,catch,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,ceylon,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,child,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,colour,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,come,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,copula,4,standard,copula
dev2,sci,cricket,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,dat,25,standard,dat
dev2,sci,day,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,dead,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,die,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,different,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,dist,5,standard,dist
dev2,sci,do,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,do!,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,drink,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,eat,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,emph,6,standard,emph
dev2,sci,english,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,enquire,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,every,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,evid,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,exist,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,exist.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,familiar,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,farook,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,father,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,festival,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,foot,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,give,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,glass,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,go,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,good,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,government,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,grandfather,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,group,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,hand,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,healthy,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,hear,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,help,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,here,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,hit,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,house,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,hurt,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,iceland,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,impolite,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,imran,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,indef,9,misspelled,indf
dev2,sci,indonesia,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,inf,4,standard,inf
dev2,sci,inspector,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,instr,1,misspelled,ins
dev2,sci,interr,7,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev2,sci,irr,2,standard,irr
dev2,sci,jinaan,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,kiss,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,know,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,learn,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,like,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,loc,11,standard,loc
dev2,sci,malay,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,malaysia,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,man,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,mango,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,mohomed,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,monied,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,monkey,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,moor,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,mother,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,mouth,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,much,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,must,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,name,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,neg,15,standard,neg
dev2,sci,nmlzr,4,misspelled,nmlz
dev2,sci,noise,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,non,17,standard,non
dev2,sci,nonpast,2,standard,nonpast
dev2,sci,now,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,officer,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,officer.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,one,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,past,37,standard,past
dev2,sci,people,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,pl,4,standard,pl
dev2,sci,play,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,police,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,polite,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,poss,17,standard,poss
dev2,sci,prox,4,standard,prox
dev2,sci,quot,3,standard,quot
dev2,sci,raw,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,read,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,rice,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,rich,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,rise,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,road,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,rose_red,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,rosered,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,saint,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,salim,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,samath,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,sand,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,say,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,send,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,ship,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,sick,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,simil,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,sing,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,singapore,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,sinhala,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,sink,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,sleep,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,slow,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,snow_white,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,snowwhite,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,so,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,some,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,speak,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,steal,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,story,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,strong,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,subject,1,standard,subject
dev2,sci,sugar,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,take,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,tamil,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,tell,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,that,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,sci,think,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,tiger,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,titanic,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,tomorrow,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,tree,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,uncle,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,understand,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,very,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,want,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,what,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,white,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,sci,write,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,1pl,3,standard,1pl
dev2,tam,1sg,21,standard,1sg
dev2,tam,2pl,2,standard,2pl
dev2,tam,2sg,1,standard,2sg
dev2,tam,3fsg,6,combined,combined
dev2,tam,3msg,5,combined,combined
dev2,tam,3pl,15,standard,3pl
dev2,tam,3sg,1,standard,3sg
dev2,tam,3sgm,2,combined,combined
dev2,tam,3sn,1,combined,combined
dev2,tam,a,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,abil,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,acc,36,standard,acc
dev2,tam,adj,2,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev2,tam,adv,1,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev2,tam,advl,1,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
dev2,tam,and,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,ask,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,avp,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,tam,be,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,beauty,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,big,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,but,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,buy,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,cat,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,cont,2,standard,cont
dev2,tam,dat,2,standard,dat
dev2,tam,doctor,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,dog,33,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,emb,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,excl,1,standard,excl
dev2,tam,fall,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,fut,6,standard,fut
dev2,tam,generally,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,good,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,hab,1,standard,hab
dev2,tam,he,8,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,tam,i,22,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,tam,inanim,1,standard,inanim
dev2,tam,incl,1,standard,incl
dev2,tam,inf,5,standard,inf
dev2,tam,it,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,know,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,lakshmi,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,loc,2,standard,loc
dev2,tam,me,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,tam,money,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,my,23,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,tam,neg,8,standard,neg
dev2,tam,neut,1,misspelled,n
dev2,tam,nmlz,4,standard,nmlz
dev2,tam,nom,34,standard,nom
dev2,tam,one,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,past,27,standard,past
dev2,tam,picture,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,pl,17,standard,pl
dev2,tam,pol,5,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,tam,pres,2,misspelled,prs
dev2,tam,prs,7,standard,prs
dev2,tam,pst,18,standard,pst
dev2,tam,q,2,standard,q
dev2,tam,qtv,3,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,tam,raman,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,say,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,see,35,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,she,9,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,tam,slowly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,sm,2,combined,combined
dev2,tam,sn,1,combined,combined
dev2,tam,speed,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,that,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,tam,they,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,tam,thief,12,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,this,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,tam,tree,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,unk,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,walk,17,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,tam,we,1,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,tam,you,3,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,zul,1pl,5,standard,1pl
dev2,zul,1sg,7,standard,1sg
dev2,zul,2pl,4,standard,2pl
dev2,zul,2sg,3,standard,2sg
dev2,zul,7,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,at,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,boy,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,c1,28,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,c1a,6,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,c2,5,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,c2a,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,c5,3,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,c9,17,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,can,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,cat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,child,21,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,doctor,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,dog,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,don't,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,dont,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,drink,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,fut,41,standard,fut
dev2,zul,fv,51,standard,fv
dev2,zul,go,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,hit,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,horse,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,imm,41,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,in,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,james,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,loc,3,standard,loc
dev2,zul,mother,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,neg,2,standard,neg
dev2,zul,oc1,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,oc2,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,oc9,3,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,order,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,p1,5,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,p2,3,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,p3,3,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,person,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,pl,2,standard,pl
dev2,zul,play,20,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,q,1,standard,q
dev2,zul,run,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,sbjv,4,standard,sbjv
dev2,zul,sc1,28,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,sc15,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,sc2,5,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,sc5,1,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,sc9,2,user-identified,user-identified
dev2,zul,school,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,see,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,shay,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,sipho,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,snake,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,study,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,tea,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,that,2,incomplete,incomplete
dev2,zul,to,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,town,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,wake,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,want,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,with,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
dev2,zul,work,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,1pl,6,standard,1pl
test,ain,1sg,39,standard,1sg
test,ain,2pl,6,standard,2pl
test,ain,2sg,8,standard,2sg
test,ain,and,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,ask,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,asp,2,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
test,ain,be,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,beautiful,12,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,boy,21,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,can,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,cannot,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,cat,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,chase,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,child,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,colloc,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,come,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,cop,3,standard,cop
test,ain,dog,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,dur,2,standard,dur
test,ain,early,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,eat,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,enter,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,girl,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,give,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,grass,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,hit,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,house,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,hurt,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,if,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,in,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,laugh,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,many,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,money,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,near,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,neg,6,standard,neg
test,ain,nom,33,standard,nom
test,ain,obj,18,standard,obj
test,ain,pl,3,standard,pl
test,ain,pron,8,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
test,ain,ques,1,misspelled,q
test,ain,see,21,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,sg,4,standard,sg
test,ain,that,4,incomplete,incomplete
test,ain,think,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,this,6,incomplete,incomplete
test,ain,to,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,unknown,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ain,village,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,1st,3,misspelled,1
test,ary,3pl,2,standard,3pl
test,ary,3sgm,1,combined,combined
test,ary,a,3,standard,a
test,ary,about,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,acc,8,standard,acc
test,ary,akul,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,and,26,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,anton,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,any,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,association,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,at,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,ate,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,ball,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,beautiful,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,bed,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,believe,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,body,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,book,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,boy,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,brought,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,buy,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,by,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,called,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,came,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,car,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,cat,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,chases,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,come,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,conj,3,standard,conj
test,ary,continued,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,damage,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,day,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,def,122,standard,def
test,ary,demon,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,development,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,diarrhea,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,do,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,doctor,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,dog,15,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,dogs,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,drank,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,drink,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,eat,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,eats,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,english,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,enters,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,even,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,every,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,exactly,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,exists,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,exits,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,f,3,standard,f
test,ary,famous,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,famous.,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,fatima,19,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,fem,1,misspelled,f
test,ary,fpl,1,combined,combined
test,ary,french,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,fries,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,fut,6,standard,fut
test,ary,gen,1,standard,gen
test,ary,girl,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,gives,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,go,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,going,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,good,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,greg,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,hands,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,hassan,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,he,43,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,help,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,her,12,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,hhe,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,him,6,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,house,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,hunger,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,hygiene,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,i,30,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,importance,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,in,20,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,ind,56,standard,ind
test,ary,indef,1,misspelled,indf
test,ary,is,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,juha,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,ka,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,kitchen,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,knew,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,know,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,knows,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,lack,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,large,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,letter,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,living,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,lot,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,m,1,standard,m
test,ary,malika,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,man,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,mark,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,marker,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,mas,1,misspelled,m
test,ary,me,9,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,medicine,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,meknes,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,middle,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,milk,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,money,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,morning,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,morning.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,mother,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,mpl,1,combined,combined
test,ary,muhammad,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,my,6,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,name,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,needle,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,neg1,14,misspelled,neg
test,ary,neg2,5,misspelled,neg
test,ary,no,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,nom,2,standard,nom
test,ary,nothing,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,of,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,oh,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,on,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,one,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,one.,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,part,15,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,particle,2,misspelled,participle
test,ary,peace,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,penny,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,pl,6,standard,pl
test,ary,play,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,plf,4,combined,combined
test,ary,plm,1,combined,combined
test,ary,plural,2,misspelled,pluralperson
test,ary,poss,6,standard,poss
test,ary,possible,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,pres,55,misspelled,prs
test,ary,pro,1,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,projects,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,q,7,standard,q
test,ary,ques,3,misspelled,q
test,ary,question,2,standard,question
test,ary,quickness,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,ran,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,read,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,relationship,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,remained,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,remains,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,roof,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,room,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,run,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,runs,13,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,said,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,sami,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,saw,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,say,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,seat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,sees,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,sgf,5,combined,combined
test,ary,sgm,2,combined,combined
test,ary,she,37,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,shower,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,singer,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,singing,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,single,4,standard,single
test,ary,sleep,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,sleeps,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,smoke,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,speak,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,speaks,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,speed,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,still,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,strikes,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,sun,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,swing,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,t,1,unrecovered,unrecovered
test,ary,tamazigh,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,teach,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,that,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,them,1,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,they,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,thing,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,thing.,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,thinks,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,this,12,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,time,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,to,18,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,train,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,two,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,unknown,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,us,3,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,verb,17,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,violin,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,volunteer,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,waiter,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,want,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,wants,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,was,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,washing,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,water,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,we,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,well,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,well?,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,what,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,when,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,which,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,who,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,with,15,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,woman,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,wonder,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,work,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,works,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,writes,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,wrote,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,y,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,yes,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,you,17,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,you?,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,you_sg,3,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,yousg,3,incomplete,incomplete
test,ary,youth,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ary,youths,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,1pl,2,standard,1pl
test,ces,1sg,69,standard,1sg
test,ces,2pl,2,standard,2pl
test,ces,2sg,20,standard,2sg
test,ces,3pl,18,standard,3pl
test,ces,3sg,27,standard,3sg
test,ces,acc,66,standard,acc
test,ces,and,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,ask,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,be,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,bird,13,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,book,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,can,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,car,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,carry,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,cars,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,cat,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,chase,17,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,dat,5,standard,dat
test,ces,dog,33,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,eat,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,f,10,standard,f
test,ces,flies,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,fly,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,friend,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,fut,2,standard,fut
test,ces,give,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,glass,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,hungry,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,hurt,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,imp,1,standard,imp
test,ces,inf,10,standard,inf
test,ces,know,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,m,71,standard,m
test,ces,must,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,my,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,ces,n,15,standard,n
test,ces,neg,10,standard,neg
test,ces,nom,91,standard,nom
test,ces,nor,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,old,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,our,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,ces,p,1,standard,p
test,ces,pl,34,standard,pl
test,ces,pp,7,misspelled,pl
test,ces,pre,1,misspelled,prs
test,ces,prf,1,standard,prf
test,ces,prs,78,standard,prs
test,ces,quickly,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,refl,2,standard,refl
test,ces,river,24,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,see,25,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,sg,76,standard,sg
test,ces,sleep,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,that,7,incomplete,incomplete
test,ces,think,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,this,6,incomplete,incomplete
test,ces,whether,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,which,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,who,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,ces,woman,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,1,32,standard,1
test,hbs,1sg,3,standard,1sg
test,hbs,2,13,standard,2
test,hbs,2sg,2,standard,2sg
test,hbs,3,114,standard,3
test,hbs,?,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,acc,69,standard,acc
test,hbs,and,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,ask,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,at,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,aux,18,standard,aux
test,hbs,be,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,book,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,can,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,city,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,clearly,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,comp,5,standard,comp
test,hbs,concert,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,da,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,dat,10,standard,dat
test,hbs,drink,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,eat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,f,87,standard,f
test,hbs,fast,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,fear,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,fp,4,standard,fp
test,hbs,from,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,fut,8,standard,fut
test,hbs,gen,4,standard,gen
test,hbs,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,green,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,help,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,house,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,husband,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,inf,9,standard,inf
test,hbs,ipfv,1,standard,ipfv
test,hbs,ivan,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,know,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,l,8,user-identified,user-identified
test,hbs,li,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,loc,1,standard,loc
test,hbs,m,86,standard,m
test,hbs,marija,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,n,10,standard,n
test,hbs,neg,2,standard,neg
test,hbs,new,16,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,nom,112,standard,nom
test,hbs,olg,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,olga,39,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,pfv,1,standard,pfv
test,hbs,pl,52,standard,pl
test,hbs,prs,15,standard,prs
test,hbs,pst,8,standard,pst
test,hbs,q,11,standard,q
test,hbs,red,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,see,58,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,sg,251,standard,sg
test,hbs,slavk,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,slavko,41,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,slavo,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,sleep,14,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,speak,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,study,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,tea,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,that,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,hbs,think,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,this,8,incomplete,incomplete
test,hbs,unknown,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,vine,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,well,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,wife,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,woman,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,work,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,write,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hbs,zoran,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,1sg,7,standard,1sg
test,hix,2g,1,misspelled,2sg
test,hix,2sg,4,standard,2sg
test,hix,3sg,11,standard,3sg
test,hix,animate,3,standard,animate
test,hix,banana,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,be,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,being,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,bell,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,bite,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,boy,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,canoe,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,coll,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,come,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,comp,9,standard,comp
test,hix,cont,4,standard,cont
test,hix,dance,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,deictic,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,denomlzr,3,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,die,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,dist,7,standard,dist
test,hix,eat,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,fast,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,fell,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,for,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,fumaca,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,go,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,gohunting,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,going,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,he,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,hix,his,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,hix,hit,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,hungry,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,i+iii,2,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,iiii,2,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,iiis,2,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,iiisiio,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,iis,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,imm,18,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,in,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,inanimate,3,standard,inanimate
test,hix,is,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,isiiio,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,isiio,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,it,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,jaguar,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,know,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,knowing,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,man,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,me,1,incomplete,incomplete
test,hix,meat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,medial,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,monkey,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,my,1,incomplete,incomplete
test,hix,near,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,neg,1,standard,neg
test,hix,nomlzn,2,misspelled,nmlz
test,hix,nonpast,5,standard,nonpast
test,hix,not,1,incomplete,incomplete
test,hix,old,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,one,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,past,33,standard,past
test,hix,patch,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,patchpl,2,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,person,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,pl,10,standard,pl
test,hix,plaintain,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,potato,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,push,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,rec,6,standard,rec
test,hix,remote,2,standard,remote
test,hix,say,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,sg,1,standard,sg
test,hix,shaman,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,si,5,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,sick,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,sii,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,siii,8,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,siiioii,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,siiioiii,8,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,siioiii,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,sioii,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,sioiii,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,sleep,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,take_bath,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,takebath,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,tell,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,to,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,took,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,tree,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,uncert,2,user-identified,user-identified
test,hix,visitor,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,wait,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,wakara,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,warning,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,wash,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,weep,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,hix,woman,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,&,28,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,1000,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,1pex,3,user-identified,user-identified
test,inh,1plexcl,1,combined,combined
test,inh,1plincl,1,combined,combined
test,inh,1s,30,misspelled,1sg
test,inh,1sg,1,standard,1sg
test,inh,1srfl,1,combined,combined
test,inh,20,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,2p,1,misspelled,2pl
test,inh,2pl,1,standard,2pl
test,inh,2s,11,misspelled,2sg
test,inh,3p,5,misspelled,3pl
test,inh,3pl,2,standard,3pl
test,inh,3s,27,misspelled,3sg
test,inh,4,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,a,7,standard,a
test,inh,adv,1,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
test,inh,ahmed,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,aisha,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,aishet,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,along,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,any,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,anything,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,apple,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,aside,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,at,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,b,18,user-identified,user-identified
test,inh,back,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,be,30,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,be_contained,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,bear,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,becontained,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,bed,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,big,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,blue,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,book,14,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,boot,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,call,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,can,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,carry,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,cat,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,catch,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,charity,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,child,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,cmp,2,misspelled,comp
test,inh,come,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,complain,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,conversation,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,corner,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,cow,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,crooked,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,cry,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,cs,2,user-identified,user-identified
test,inh,cum,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,cvant,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,cvsim,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,cvtemp,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,d,54,user-identified,user-identified
test,inh,dat,27,standard,dat
test,inh,day,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,dem,20,standard,dem
test,inh,difficult,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,dim,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,do,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,dog,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,down,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,down_sit,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,downsit,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,dream,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,dress,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,drink,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,dx,6,user-identified,user-identified
test,inh,eat,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,emph,3,standard,emph
test,inh,english,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,erg,64,standard,erg
test,inh,especially,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,eye,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,fall,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,fast,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,fat,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,father,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,fear,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,fight,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,five,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,foc,3,standard,foc
test,inh,four,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,friend,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,fut,3,standard,fut
test,inh,gasoline,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,gen,10,standard,gen
test,inh,georgian,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,go,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,good,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,grease,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,green,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,gully,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,gun,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,he,9,incomplete,incomplete
test,inh,hear,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,here,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,home,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,hour,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,how,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,hurt,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,i,4,incomplete,incomplete
test,inh,impf,3,misspelled,ipfv
test,inh,impv,2,misspelled,ipfv
test,inh,in,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,incp,6,user-identified,user-identified
test,inh,inf,4,standard,inf
test,inh,ins,2,standard,ins
test,inh,intelligence,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,it,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,j,34,user-identified,user-identified
test,inh,kill,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,king,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,know,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,l,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,inh,ladder,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,language,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,lat,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,lemon,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,letter,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,lie,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,like,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,linen,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,long,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,look,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,lose,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,m,5,standard,m
test,inh,make,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,man,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,me,3,incomplete,incomplete
test,inh,mir,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,money,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,more,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,moreover,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,mother,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,movie,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,musa,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,muslin,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,nearby,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,neg,8,standard,neg
test,inh,night,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,noise,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,nom,31,standard,nom
test,inh,nw,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,nz,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,obl,8,standard,obl
test,inh,old,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,on,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,one,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,open,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,or,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,other,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,oushaneaq_aan,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,oushaneaqaan,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,out,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,people,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,person,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,pl,14,standard,pl
test,inh,play,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,possibility,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,ppl,8,misspelled,pl
test,inh,prayer,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,prog,2,standard,prog
test,inh,prs,53,standard,prs
test,inh,pst,7,standard,pst
test,inh,q,12,standard,q
test,inh,read,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,rfl,1,misspelled,refl
test,inh,sack,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,say,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,scythe,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,search,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,see,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,send,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,sick,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,silk,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,since,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,sing,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,sky,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,so,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,sometimes,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,song,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,sour,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,sour_fruit,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,sourfruit,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,stand,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,stone,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,strike,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,sub,2,misspelled,sbj
test,inh,summer,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,table,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,tell,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,then,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,these,1,incomplete,incomplete
test,inh,thin,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,this,3,incomplete,incomplete
test,inh,three,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,throw,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,time,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,too,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,towel,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,tower,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,town,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,tree,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,two,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,unknown,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,untie,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,up,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,v,25,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
test,inh,vz,3,user-identified,user-identified
test,inh,water,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,wear,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,well,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,what,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,who,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,window,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,wolf,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,woman,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,wp,30,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
test,inh,wring,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,write,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,inh,yellow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,1pl,18,standard,1pl
test,jaa,1sg,70,standard,1sg
test,jaa,2pl,21,standard,2pl
test,jaa,2sg,34,standard,2sg
test,jaa,3pl,52,standard,3pl
test,jaa,3sg,1,standard,3sg
test,jaa,acc,51,standard,acc
test,jaa,and,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,anim,52,standard,anim
test,jaa,another,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,ask,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,aux,68,standard,aux
test,jaa,aux[,2,misspelled,aux
test,jaa,back,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,banana,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,be,17,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,bit,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,bite,23,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,call,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,can,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,car,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,cat,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,ccall,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,chase,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,chewing,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,chewing;,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,coffee,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,come,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,comp,7,standard,comp
test,jaa,cont,22,standard,cont
test,jaa,dec,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,decl,76,standard,decl
test,jaa,dog,17,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,drink,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,drink;,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,eat,48,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,exc,8,misspelled,excl
test,jaa,exl,1,misspelled,excl
test,jaa,f,257,standard,f
test,jaa,fast,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,fpe,7,user-identified,user-identified
test,jaa,fpn,4,combined,combined
test,jaa,fruit,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,glass,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,good,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,habit,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,house,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,hungry,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,hurt,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,inc,6,misspelled,incl
test,jaa,incl,2,standard,incl
test,jaa,ipe,28,user-identified,user-identified
test,jaa,ipn,5,user-identified,user-identified
test,jaa,jaguar,48,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,know,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,located,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,m,193,standard,m
test,jaa,m],2,misspelled,m
test,jaa,man,39,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,neg,31,standard,neg
test,jaa,nom,118,standard,nom
test,jaa,npst,2,standard,npst
test,jaa,nspt,1,misspelled,npst
test,jaa,oc,8,user-identified,user-identified
test,jaa,okobomi,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,okomobi,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,old,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,out,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,park,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,passion,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,pfutint,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,piece,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,pint,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,postp,6,user-identified,user-identified
test,jaa,quick,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,rpe,27,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,rpn,5,user-identified,user-identified
test,jaa,say,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,see,64,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,sleep,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,sloth,20,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,tell,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,think,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,this,5,incomplete,incomplete
test,jaa,top,23,standard,top
test,jaa,u,32,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,unknown,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,unripe,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,up,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,vn,1,user-identified,user-identified
test,jaa,wake,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,walk,42,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,want,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,without,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,jaa,woman,39,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,1,33,standard,1
test,kat,2,23,standard,2
test,kat,3,96,standard,3
test,kat,american,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,and,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,aor,10,user-identified,user-identified
test,kat,ask,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,be,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,bear,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,beautiful,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,beer,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,bird,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,blind,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,boil,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,book,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,cheat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,chicago,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,child,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,close,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,copula,3,standard,copula
test,kat,dat,39,standard,dat
test,kat,david,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,dem,3,standard,dem
test,kat,distal,1,standard,distal
test,kat,doctor,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,drink,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,dutch,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,erg,9,standard,erg
test,kat,exercise,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,father,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,for,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,fut,48,standard,fut
test,kat,gen,1,standard,gen
test,kat,georgian,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,german,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,hide,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,however,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,imperf,5,misspelled,ipfv
test,kat,in,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,kill,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,know,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,letter,15,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,listen,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,listener,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,literature,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,moon,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,newspaper,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,nom,61,standard,nom
test,kat,nopre,41,misspelled,nprs
test,kat,not,1,incomplete,incomplete
test,kat,obj,54,standard,obj
test,kat,on,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,one,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,passive,1,standard,passive
test,kat,past,5,standard,past
test,kat,pl,39,standard,pl
test,kat,pluperf,1,misspelled,pluperfect
test,kat,pre,20,misspelled,prs
test,kat,prepare,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,pres,52,misspelled,prs
test,kat,psf,51,misspelled,prs
test,kat,quickly,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,radiobroadcast,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,read,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,send,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,sg,65,standard,sg
test,kat,sing,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,some,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,subj,74,misspelled,sbj
test,kat,tall,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,teach,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,teacher,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,that,1,incomplete,incomplete
test,kat,user-identified,10,lexical entry,user-identified
test,kat,water,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,whether,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,woman,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,work,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,kat,write,16,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,1dual,3,misspelled,1du
test,tgl,1pln,3,misspelled,1pl
test,tgl,1plx,3,combined,combined
test,tgl,1sg,4,standard,1sg
test,tgl,2pl,3,standard,2pl
test,tgl,2sg,4,standard,2sg
test,tgl,3pl,10,standard,3pl
test,tgl,3sg,10,standard,3sg
test,tgl,abs,33,standard,abs
test,tgl,af,3,user-identified,user-identified
test,tgl,all,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,av,19,user-identified,user-identified
test,tgl,book,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,eat,14,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,erg,34,standard,erg
test,tgl,fut,1,standard,fut
test,tgl,give,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,inf,1,standard,inf
test,tgl,inv,1,standard,inv
test,tgl,juan,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,lk,7,user-identified,user-identified
test,tgl,man,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,mango,14,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,maria,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,neg,2,standard,neg
test,tgl,nprs,38,standard,nprs
test,tgl,obl,20,standard,obl
test,tgl,ov,12,user-identified,user-identified
test,tgl,pfv,31,standard,pfv
test,tgl,pl,12,standard,pl
test,tgl,prog,1,standard,prog
test,tgl,prs,2,standard,prs
test,tgl,refuse,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,see,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,sg,28,standard,sg
test,tgl,that,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,tgl,this,3,incomplete,incomplete
test,tgl,woman,16,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tgl,yon,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,able,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,all,1,standard,lexical entry
test,tha,allow,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,anything,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,at,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,book,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,buy,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,call,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,can,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,cat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,child,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,come,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,cross,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,die,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,eat,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,give,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,go,8,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,he,3,incomplete,incomplete
test,tha,hurry,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,i,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,tha,man,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,market,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,must,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,not,1,incomplete,incomplete
test,tha,return,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,rice,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,run,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,tha,speak,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,1,2,standard,1
test,vie,1sg,85,standard,1sg
test,vie,2,1,standard,2
test,vie,2sg,7,standard,2sg
test,vie,3,2,standard,3
test,vie,3sg,6,standard,3sg
test,vie,able,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,abs,3,standard,abs
test,vie,affirmation,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,all,1,standard,lexical entry
test,vie,already,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,and,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,animal,13,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,art,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,ask,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,banana,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,be,4,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,black,9,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,book,14,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,bread,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,bulb,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,car,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,card,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,cat,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,chase,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,chopsticks,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,clf,31,part-of-speech,part-of-speech
test,vie,cloud,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,comp,8,standard,comp
test,vie,compact,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,cont,3,standard,cont
test,vie,cop,3,standard,cop
test,vie,curtain,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,dem,25,standard,dem
test,vie,dist,2,standard,dist
test,vie,dog,28,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,eat,28,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,excl,1,standard,excl
test,vie,face,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,flat,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,foc,8,standard,foc
test,vie,focus,1,standard,focus
test,vie,fp,3,standard,fp
test,vie,fruit,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,fut,1,standard,fut
test,vie,girl,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,glass,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,hanoi,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,house,11,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,hungry,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,hurt,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,i,2,incomplete,incomplete
test,vie,in,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,incl,1,standard,incl
test,vie,indef,1,misspelled,indf
test,vie,interaction,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,know,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,life,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,like,32,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,live,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,mai,21,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,medial,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,mirror,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,nearfut,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,nearpst,1,misspelled,nearpast
test,vie,need,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,neg,17,standard,neg
test,vie,noodle,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,noodles,19,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,onion,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,other,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,pair,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,paper,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,park,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,pl,6,standard,pl
test,vie,prog,2,standard,prog
test,vie,prox,21,standard,prox
test,vie,pst,10,standard,pst
test,vie,quickly,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,read,10,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,really,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,rect,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,set,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,sheet,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,should,7,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,sleep,41,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,tag,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,tall,6,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,think,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,this,1,incomplete,incomplete
test,vie,top,6,standard,top
test,vie,two,5,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,typhoon,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,very,2,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,violent,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,want,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,wash,3,lexical entry,lexical entry
test,vie,yesterday,1,lexical entry,lexical entry
