
---Customization---

Language: Huallaga_Quechua


Features:

Nominative-Accusative

nominative: unmarked
accusative: suffix, spelled -ta



Word Order:

FREE

Quechua doesn't have determiners as independent words.

I chose 'free' word order because in main clauses any word order is possible, but in subordinate clauses, the word order is SOV. I didn't see this option so I chose the word order of main clauses.




Sentential Negation:

Marked with a verbal inflection and an adverb appearing together (required)

The verbal inflection appears on finite verbs as a suffix, and spelled -chu.
The adverb, spelled 'mana', is an independent modifier of S.

I specified this way, but the adverb can be 'ama' if it appears in an imperative sentence. 


Coordination:

Coordination Strategy 1:
 on NPs, marked in a N-polysyndeton pattern by a word 'y' that comes after the coordinand.

Coordination Strategy 2:

 on NPs, marked in a asyndeton pattern.

VPs are coordinated in the same fashion but I couldn't put them in the questionnaire, so I just specified the two patterns found in Quechua.


Matrix Yes/No Questions:

Verbal inflection on finite verbs as a suffix, spelled -chu

There are several way of forming yes/no questions, and the above is just one of them. There is another pattern where the question marker co-occurs with a topic marker. Also, the question marker can be placed on the constituent the speaker wants to ask about.




Basic Lexicon

noun1: allgu _dog_n_3_rel  determiner optional

noun2: Mariya _Mary_n_3_rel determiner impossible

intransitive verb: hamun  _come_v_rel

transitive verb: mikhun _eat_v_rel

Test sentences:

Mariya hamu-n 'Mary comes'

Mariya allgu-ta maqa-n 'Mary hit the/a dog'




---Parsing---

In LKB, only the sentence 'Mary comes' parsed (and it parsed as I expected), but none of the sentences in the testsuite parsed in the tsdb. The above sentence parsed in the LKB because the noun doesn't have any case marker, but the second sentence 'Mariya allgu-ta maqan' didn't parse because of the direct object taking the accusative marker, which I haven't specified in the grammar. No sentence parsed in the tsdb because simply the lexicon coverage was VERY low.

After expanding the lexicon, I got 15 sentences parsed. I only got simple intransitive and transitive sentences parsed and there was no undergeneration or overgeneration but it didn't parse sentences with fancy suffixes because either I didn't have enough lexical entries in the lexicon file or I haven't taken care of subordinator, case markers, agreement, and tense/aspect. 



---Discussion---

To improve the coverage of my grammar on my test suite, I need to work
on case marking, agreement, subordinators, and suffix ordering. The
agreement markers would give me a hard time in the next few weeks
because the verb form depends on the person of the subject and the
person of the object. Also, there are some irregular forms or
unpredictable forms (unpredictable in the sense that the form doesn't
match the person of the subject and the person of the object, but
still considered grammatical in some verbs). My grammar book talks
about it briefly, but I'm still not so clear on the irregular verbs,
so I need to investigate this a little further. The present tense
verbs may not be so bad since there is no overt present tense marker,
but other tenses have about 6-7 forms for every verb, so the sentences
in the testsuite won't parse for a while until I get the agreement
down. If Quechua had a fixed word order, the agreement wouldn't've
been so bad, but the word order is quite flexible. This will probably
makes it hard to keep track of the person of the subject and the
object. Also, the objects of ditransitive verbs may or may not take
the accusative marker (the indirect object tend to take the accusative
case marker but the direct object do not have to). If the direct
object doesn't have the accusative marker in a sentence, it looks as
if tehre were two NPs taking the nominative case (which is marked
null). In speech, you can tell which NP is the subject, but I'm not
sure if there's any systematic way of telling which one's which
without any context.


Another thing that I think I'll have a hard time with is the ordering of the suffixes. There are some suffixes that have to come before the verb, and others come after. If I don't specify the ordering of those suffixes, I'll either end up with overgeneration or undergeneration. 

The question sentence formation in Quechua is probably impossible to cover because you need to know the speaker's intention in order to form grammatical question sentences with the intended meaning. 

I noticed that some sentences wouldn't parse simply because we haven't done pre/post positional phrases in the test suite (like ablative case, locative case etc etc). If we are going to cover them, I'll have a chance to work on those sentences, but if not, I'll probably have to remove them.  